[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: The question
was about using const for
immutable values like strings and numbers.
I'm not 100% sure what
the questions actually asking.
It's Mark A.
About three minutes ago.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay I think
the question is where am
I going to use const?
Place where I think you should use const
is where you were already
doing stuff like this.
If you did something silly
like var pi equals 3.14.
You have my blessing to go change those
all to consts because those really are.
Mutable values that you
don't intend to reassign and
if you want to put const
on it that's no big deal.
But I don't think you ought to go do
like const f equals arrow function or
anything like that.
Because I think you're just
inviting additional visual clutter
that's not actually communicating
what you think it's communicating.
Okay yes?
>> Speaker 3: What's your take on using
const for function name?
Like let's say you create a utility
function then you're calling it add some
or something.
>> Kyle Simpson: Like I just said,
I would not do const add some equals and
then some function.
I just make a function declaration.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
there are relatively few places in my code
where I have actual constants like this.
But in those places I'd
endorse using the const.
And I don't think you should lead off
every one of your declarations in your
code with a const.
Because I think you're inviting unfamiliar
readers with your code to potentially have
some visual stumbling block.
>> Speaker 1: Is
there any benefit of using
const on a raise then, or
objects?
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't think so at all.
Matter of fact, this
is a little controversial because I've had
debates with people about this before.
But saying something like const
x equals array one, two, three.
Let's say that this was a really huge
array like it was 100 megabytes of memory.
And let's say that it was inside
of some kind of function foo.
And I declared this thing here and
then let's say I set something up like
>> Kyle Simpson: So I make some
reference to x inside of my
function I've closed over x.
X is gonna stay around for
as long as that click handlers there and
in our program we're never
unassigning that thing.
But let's say there's some other
condition within our program.
Which is that we would like to be able to
garbage collect that array
because we're done with it.
We'd like that ten megabytes or
one hundred megabytes or
whatever of memory to be recollected.
Normally you would do
something like x equals null.
That's no longer allowed
when you use it const.
So as a matter of fact there are places
where the const can actually make it
worse.
You have to fiddle around with your
garbage collection sorts of things
in this particular case since it's an
array you could have done something like
x.that length equals zero.
But if it were an object, you wouldn't
have that you would have to four loop over
them and delete all the properties or
something like that.
Super awkward.
So there are places where const
can actually trip you up,
just like there are places
where LET can to trip you up.
So I'd recommend using the const in
the places where it's actually justified.
Rather than just preemptively using it
everywhere and then getting tripped up.
>> Speaker 1: There's sort of a follow
when using const with object trees.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
I don't think it helps at all to
add const and object dot frees.
Okay, I don't think that
does anything extra.
If you want to, great, but
I don't think it helps anything at all.
I think because that comes at
the beginning of the line,
it's already signaled somebody to
get confused as to what's going on.